ON-12147 # Updated docs (#173)
oneblink/sdk-js: docs/form-elements/datetime.md

| `label`                  | Yes      | `string`  |              | Display text presented to the user above the input by default.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| `hint`                   | No       | `string`  |              | A hint triggered by an icon tooltip to be displayed when hovering beside the element label.                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| `defaultValue`           | No       | `string`  |              | A default value when the form is opened. Must be in [ISO_8601 Timestamp](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format, or the string 'NOW' to denote that `defaultValueDaysOffset` will also be used to dynamically offset the `defaultValue` from the time the form is loaded.                      |

> | `defaultValueDaysOffset` | No       | `number`  |              | This value must be set if `defaultValue` is set to `NOW`. It can be a negative or positive number.                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `defaultValueDaysOffset` | No       | `number`  |              | This value can only be set if `defaultValue` is `NOW`. It can be a negative or positive number.                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
```

| `readOnly`               | Yes      | `boolean` | `false`      | Determine if this input can be edited by the user (`false`) or not (`true`).                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| `fromDate`               | No       | `string`  |              | The earliest possible date and time that can be selected by the user. Must be in [ISO_8601 Timestamp](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format, or the string 'NOW' to denote that `fromDateDaysOffset` will also be used to dynamically offset the `fromDate` from the time the form is loaded. |
| `toDate`                 | No       | `string`  |              | The latest possible date and time that can be selected by the user. Must be in [ISO_8601 Timestamp](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format, or the string 'NOW' to denote that `toDateDaysOffset` will also be used to dynamically offset the `toDate` from the time the form is loaded.       |

> | `fromDateDaysOffset`     | No       | `number`  |              | This value must be set if `fromDate` is set to `NOW`. It can be a negative or positive number, but must be less than `toDateDaysOffset` if passed.                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `fromDateDaysOffset`     | No       | `number`  |              | This value can only be set if `fromDate` is set to `NOW`. It can be a negative or positive number, but must be less than `toDateDaysOffset` if passed.                                                                                                                                                     |
```

> | `toDateDaysOffset`       | No       | `number`  |              | This value must be set if `toDate` is set to `NOW`. It can be a negative or positive number, but must be greater than `fromDateDaysOffset` if passed.                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `toDateDaysOffset`       | No       | `number`  |              | This value can only be set if `toDate` is set to `NOW`. It can be a negative or positive number, but must be greater than `fromDateDaysOffset` if passed.                                                                                                                                                  |
```
